README.md, before:

                                                                         
          ██    ██    ██                                    
        ██      ██  ██                                      
        ██    ██    ██                                      
          ██  ██      ██                                    
          ██    ██    ██                                    
                                                            
      ████████████████████                                  
      ██                ██████                              
      ██                ██  ██                              
      ██                ██  ██                              
      ██                ██████                              
        ██            ██                                    
    ████████████████████████                                
    ██                    ██                                
      ████████████████████                                  
                                                                                        
                                                                                        
### Hi there! 👋 Welcome to my sacred space 🔮 where I build stuff and break things.

- 📜 I own a degree with specialization in Web Development
- 🎨 I am into artsy things and reading as hobbies
- 🌱 I enjoy uniting forces with other developers
- 🇩🇰 I am based in Copenhagen and learning new things is my hygge
                                                                                        
[![brigittarucz Medium](https://github-readme-medium.vercel.app/?username=omidnikrah)](https://medium.com/@brigittarucz)                                                  
                                                                                        
                                                                                        

<!--
**brigittarucz/brigittarucz** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update readme with styles and medium articles

README.md, after:

                                                                         
          ██    ██    ██                                    
        ██      ██  ██                                      
        ██    ██    ██                                      
          ██  ██      ██                                    
          ██    ██    ██                                    
                                                            
      ████████████████████                                  
      ██                ██████                              
      ██                ██  ██                              
      ██                ██  ██                              
      ██                ██████                              
        ██            ██                                    
    ████████████████████████                                
    ██                    ██                                
      ████████████████████                                  
                                                                                        
                                                                                        
### Hi there! 👋 Welcome to my sacred space 🔮 where I build stuff and break things.

- 📜 I own a degree with specialization in Web Development
- 🎨 I am into artsy things and reading as hobbies
- 🌱 I enjoy uniting forces with other developers
- 🇩🇰 I am based in Copenhagen and learning new things is my hygge
 
## I wrote ✒️ a couple of medium articles:
- [What Mistakes To Avoid When You Come Across New Technologies](https://brigittarucz.medium.com/what-mistakes-to-avoid-when-you-come-across-new-technologies-ecda548f89cf)       - [Deploying a NodeJS, MariaDB and ArangoDB based project on DigitalOcean](https://brigittarucz.medium.com/deploying-a-nodejs-mariadb-and-arangodb-based-project-on-digitalocean-fc1f9709b6a0)              

## I played around with:

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-000?&logo=JavaScript&style=flat) 
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-000?&logo=TypeScript)                                                                                        
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-000?&logo=TypeScript)                                                                                           

<!--
**brigittarucz/brigittarucz** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
